Existing documentation converted to .md (#58)
thoth-tech/documentation: docs/DreamBig/Sprint 2 documentation/Wireframes/Dream Big Wireframes (Gautam).md

# Dream Big Wireframes

![Login](../../assests/images/gautam_login.jpg)

This is the login page for the dream big application. Every Deakin student have their Deakin login

> credentials so we can use those credentials to login to our dream big web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
credentials so we can use those credentials to log in to our dream big web application.
```
